.TH addpkg 1 "April 27, 1999"
.SH NAME
.HP 10
addpkg \-  Adds a package to a release.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.HP 10
.B addpkg
.B [-?, --help]
.B [-t, --test]
.B [-p, --production]
.B [-h, --head]
.B [-c, --current]
.B [-d <cvsroot>]
.B [-Q, --quiet]
.B [-n, --no-cvs]
.B [-l, --link]

.B <package_name>[/<subpackage_name>]
.B [<version_string>]
.SH DESCRIPTION

addpkg is used to include an existing software package in a release.  It
normally first checks out the package from  CVS. It then makes the needed
entries in the various subdirectories of the  release. addpkg can also be
used to make a link to an existing package version in a distribution or to
copy an existing package version from a distribution.

The normal usage is "addpkg foo", which gives you the same foo version as
was used in the actual production release on which your test release was
based. "addpkg --head foo", will give you the most recent CVS revision (the
HEAD) for the foo package to modify, which is probably what you want if
making changes.  "addpkg foo tag" will give you a specific tagged version
of the foo package, which can be useful when an older version is desired. 

To add the subpackage bar of the package foo, use "addpkg foo/bar",
etc., as above.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.B -?, --help
.RS 8
 Prints the usage message.
.RE

.PP
.B -t, --test
.RS 8
 Add a new package in a test release. This is the
 default behavior.
.RE

.PP
.B -p, --production
.RS 8
 Add a new package to a production release.
.RE

.PP
.B -h, --head
.RS 8
 Add the head version of <package>.
.RE

.PP
.B -c, --current
.RS 8
 Use the version from the distribution. This is
 the default behavior if no tag argument is
 given.
.RE

.PP
.B -d <cvsroot>
.RS 8
 Use <cvsroot> for the cvsroot. The -d option
 overrides the CVSROOT environment variable and
 the optional package-specified cvsroot.
.RE

.PP
.B -Q, --quiet
.RS 8
 Perform cvs actions quietly.
.RE

.PP
.B -n, --no-cvs
.RS 8
 Copy directly from distribution, bypassing cvs.
 This option is not intended for regular use. It
 should only be used in unusual circumstances.
.RE

.PP
.B -l, --link
.RS 8
 Make a link to the package area instead of
 checking out from cvs.
.RE


.SH EXAMPLE
To add the Hello to a test release in
the current directory:
.RS
.ft B
.sp .5
.nf
example% addpkg Hello
.fi
.ft R
.RE
.LP

.SH MESSAGES
.PP
.B No version of XXX exists in the release YYY.
.RS 8
This usually means that a developer wants to add
a package that is in CVS, but not in the base
release he/she is using. In this situation the
user needs to supply an explicit tag or the
--head argument.

.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Bob Jacobsen. (Bob_Jacobsen@lbl.gov)
Updated for SoftRelTools version 2 by James
Amundson. (amundson@fnal.gov)

.SH ORIGIN
SoftRelTools version 2

