.ad l
.TH newrel 1 "April 27, 1999"

.SH NAME
.HP 10
newrel \- Create a release within SoftRelTools

.SH SYNOPSIS
.HP 10
.B newrel
.B [-?, --help]
.B [-p, -r, --frozen]
.B [-d, --development]
.B [-t, --test]
.B [-e, --empty]
.B [--boot]
.B [-g <path>]
.B [-f <file>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
newrel creates a new release within the software
tree.   Two flavors are supported, called test
and production. The production release can be
either frozen or development.

A test release is created within a user's file
tree for  development and debugging purposes. No
packages are  initially included within it - the
user is expected to use addpkg to include the
particular subset of all  packages that are
needed for development.

A production release is created in
$SRT_DIST/releases, and is how code is
"published" for use by the collaboration. If the
\fB-f\fR option is specified, newrel reads a
list  of packages and versions from file
\fIpfile\fR, and uses  the same version as in the
base release for each package  that isn't listed
in \fIpfile\fR. If the \fB-f\fR option is not
specified, newrel goes  through the list of
packages in the base release, and  prompts for
which version of each to use in the new  release.

.SH System preferences for newrel

newrel sources the file $SRT_DIST/srt/srtrc for
directory creation preferences. If the variable
``extra_dirs'' is defined, it is merged with the
list of directories to be created. It should be
in the form of a space-separated list of
directory names. extra_dirs has two purposes:

1. Extra directories can be created.

2. Directories can be made into links to other
   areas. The syntax for this is ``foo>/tmp/bar'',
   which means that the directory foo will be made
   into a link to /tmp/bar. If /tmp/bar does not
   exist, newrel will (attempt to) create it.

As in other places, srtrc is really a script
which is sourced, so shell logic can be used. All
that matters is the final value of extra_dirs. If
``extra_dirs'' is not defined, newrel looks for
``stddirs'' for backward compatibility with the
old SoftRelTools.

The variable ``release'' (the name of the new
release) is guaranteed to be available when srtrc
is sourced.

.SH User preferences for newrel

newrel also sources the file $HOME/.srtrc (note
the leading dot) for directory creation
preferences. See above for details. The following
example .srtrc file is useful:

extra_dirs=\
"$extra_dirs tmp>/tmp/$release/tmp bin>/tmp/$release/bin lib>/tmp/$release/lib "

It redirects all the directories containing large
binary files to /tmp in such a way as not to
interfere with other releases. Adding to the
previous value of $extra_dirs makes certain that
system-level defaults are also respected.


.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.B -?, --help
.RS 8
 Prints the usage message
.RE

.PP
.B -p, -r, --frozen
.RS 8
 Create a frozen (production) release
.RE

.PP
.B -d, --development
.RS 8
 Create a development release
.RE

.PP
.B -t, --test
.RS 8
 Create a test release
.RE

.PP
.B -e, --empty
.RS 8
 Create an empty release, i.e., do not use a base
 release. This option requires ommitting the
 <base release> argument.
.RE
 
.PP
.B --boot
.RS 8
  Create a boot release. All other options except
 -g will be ignored.
.RE

.PP
.B -g <path>
.RS 8
 Path to GNUmakefile.boot for boot release.
.RE

.PP
.B -f <file>
.RS 8

 Use the version file specified by <file>,
 which should have format:
.RS 16
 pkgA    V01-02-03
 pkgB    V01-03-02
 pkgC    delete
 ...     ...
.RE
This may contain completely new packages (not
found in the base  release), and/or packages that
were in the base release. If the version
specified is "delete", then that package will 
\fBnot\fR be included in the new release.  Each
package in the base release but not in <file>
will  use the same version in the new release as
in the base release.
.RE

.SH EXAMPLES
To add a create a test release foobar based on the
development release and include the package
Hello:
.RS
.ft B
.sp .5
.nf
example% newrel --test development foobar
example% cd foobar
example% addpkg --head Hello
.fi
.ft R
.RE
.LP

.SH "FILES"
$SRT_DIST/srt/srtrc, $HOME/.srtrc

.SH AUTHOR
Bob Jacobsen.  (Bob_Jacobsen@lbl.gov)
Updated for SoftRelTools version 2 by James
Amundson. (amundson@fnal.gov)

.SH ORIGIN
SoftRelTools version 2

