.ad l
.TH srt_environment 1 "April 27, 1999"
.SH NAME
.HP 10
.B srt_setup
\- Setup SoftRelTools environment variables.
.HP 10
.B srt_environment
\- Show SoftRelTools environment variables.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.HP 10
.B srt_setup
.B [-?, --help]
.B [-d, --defaults]
.B [-a, --auto-local]
.B [VAR1=value1 VAR2=value2 ...]
.HP 10
.B srt_environment
.B [-?, --help]

.SH DESCRIPTION

srt_setup sets the necessary environment
variables for SoftRelTools. srt_environment
displays the variables. srt_setup is actually an
alias that sources the output of srt_environment
when called with internal options.

The srt_setup alias is provided by
$SRT_DIST/srt/srt.(c)sh.

.SH System defaults

srt_setup and srt_environment source the file $SRT_DIST/srt/srt_envrc.
This allows the librarian to set defaults for an entire project. For
example, the srt_envrc might contain the lines

DEFAULT_SRT_CXX=KCC_3_3

DEFAULT_SRT_BASE_RELEASE=development

Since the file is sourced by the shell script, it can contain any shell
commands. Only the resulting value of the variables matter.

.SH User defaults

srt_setup and srt_environment also source the file $HOME/.srt_envrc.
(Note the presence of a leading dot in the user file, but not in the
system file.) This allows the user to set his/her own defaults. Again,
the file is sourced by the shell script, so it can contain any shell
commands.

.SH OPTIONS
.B -?, --help
.RS 8
 Prints the usage message.
.RE

.PP
.B -d, --defaults
.RS 8
 Set variables to defaults. The defaults are used
 automatically the first time srt_setup is called.
.RE

.PP
.B -a, --auto-local
.RS 8
 Automatically set local context to the current
 test release.
.RE

.SH FILES
$SRT_DIST/srt/srt_envrc, $HOME/.srt_envrc

.SH AUTHOR
James Amundson. (amundson@fnal.gov)


